---
layout: post
title: Great Tips by Great People
date: 2024-06-05
description:
tags:
categories: random
---

I'm trying to keep track of the career tips I learn from the great people I'm fortunate to meet:

- "Everyone's gotta sell something, whether it's an idea or a product. If you can't get people on board with your solution, it doesn't matter how good it actually is."

- "In our field, it's normal to sometimes feel alone or overwhelmed. But on our team, let's make sure no one feels both at the same time."

- When you're dealing with the big picture and someone deep in the weeds asks you a detailed question because they're feeling swamped, try saying "you tell me." It might sound weird, but it can work wonders. Chances are, they know more about the problem than anyone, and they just need a little encouragement to figure it out.

- "Sometimes, to truly understand the root causes of a problem and why people struggle to solve it, all we need is empathy for those facing it."

- "When you're speaking, try to structure your thoughts so that your audience always has a sense of where you're going next."

- "When someone insists on making a mistake, don't try to stop them by force. Just let them know you think it's a mistake, and if it turns out you're right, they'll likely come back to you for help."

- Kick off every meeting by going over the agenda, and wrap it up with a quick recap of the actionable items.

- "Don't get married to your ideas. There are always better ones out there."

- "You're stupid if you blindly do a task just because someone asked. Always understand the "why" behind what you're doing."

- Before you suggest anything to someone, take a moment to ask about their interests.

- "Relax and enjoy the moment, because time keeps on ticking regardless."
